Notes from EF+Math Consultancies
1. I told them a little about DX and they had a few suggestions.  Not sure what the remains of Enlearn will do with DX but here they are.
	a. Make sure students have easy access to the dashboard so they know their own progress. Suggested they are taken to the dashboard frequently. 
	b. Send teacher's alerts on students who need help (or do especially well) so they are aware. Teachers often don't have time to look at a dashboard thoroughly.
2. As far as the questions you added to the poster; they gave some advice;
	a. 'How do we evaluate changes or student's mathematical evaluation?'
		1. Someone suggested doing a study where student's talk out loud while solving problems; are recorded; and then use software to evaluate their language (NLP essentially) 
		2. One person noted we have not had either student or community feedback on our activities; It has been either ELC or teachers/teacher's in training; They suggested we try 
        to find a way to do that. When I mentioned we have had trouble getting access to students, Yesmi suggested the following:
			a. Team with companies that have products already in schools; Her district just chooses the same products, year after year, because no one has time to evaluate them; 
			    If we could partner with those companies to add our prototypes to their testing, we could get access to students.
			b. Create focus groups of local students and pay them in some way to test the prototypes just like marketing companies do. Advertise etc...
			c. After prompting from Yesmi, another person gave up the name of the school district coordinator who has access to students in districts around Purdue. The thought was we could get access to her students at the same time as their project.  Her name is Amanda Mayers; she is at Purdue. Unfortunately, the women did not say which project she was from so I did not get that information. Maybe someone at EF+Math can help with that. 
			d. Once we get access to students, one person suggested have students explain our rubric activities to their parents and get feedback from the parents/community that way. As we saw with the tutoring activity, having to take on another student's perspective really helps understand things. That might also be true for parents. I wonder if we could design an activity for parents/students where students have to explain a concept or the rules to an activity to their parents and then do it. That would get us some parent feedback in the design process if we could survey or interview the parents afterwards. 
		3. Someone asked if all of our prototypes were (only) written in English (of which, I said, Yesmi explaining we don't have the facilities to translate effectively)
		   To accomplish that, they suggested Google Translate in a pinch. We have not run any experiments in any other languages; I wonder if we could tranlate some of the fraction work to Spanish and test on ELL's to see how well things work for them.
		   They also suggested testing prototypes on early readers to see if they can understand the language since they are similar to ELL's. 
   b. 'How can we support educators who want to integrate our activities into their classroom?' 
   	  1. The best suggestion here was written below the question on the poster website and that was to provide a database or list of activities with descriptions of related standards and how long they take. Teachers can then plan ahead to use our activities as warm-ups or fillers when they are working with other students. Having to remember a list of activiites is hard with all of the other things they have to keep track of. 
   c. 'From an equity perspective, we've used asset-focused evaluation and designed activity structures to support English Language Learners. We can we do to make sure our activities are helpful for other disadvantaged groups?'
       1. No real advice here. They didn't seem to understand the question completely and continued to focus on ELL's and then we ran out of time. 