Spot It Experiment Notes:
1.  Ask if they have heard of SpotIt and/or remember what YE has said before.
    Depending upon the answer, explain SpotIt and our version of it. 
2.  Two main interfaces
	Selectable, separable objects (eggs). (show Spotit_2, SpotIt_5, SpotIt_9)
	Abstract; 
2. Goal; Users create fractions out of properties of objects on the cards
	For example, color, size, shape, texture, patterns, width, height etc...
	Idea is to 1) show that fractions are applicable outside the classroom and similarly expand on CF. 
3. 10 interfaces thus far with some having as many as 3 iterations
	Early interfaces were confusing.  Users did not appear to try; Supposition is that they didn't understand. 
	Hard to tell with MTurk users with the profit motivation.
	Honing in on a more coherent interface.  More of a tutorial than early versions.
	2nd to last version was better in that users were starting to recognize fractions made from 
	all of the objects and global properties.  Less likely to see smaller groups made from
	less universal properties (show eggs).  Got great help from ELC members. Gave us ideas on how to make it clearer. 
	Abstract interface the most confusing.  Subjects copied example. Showed little creative thought. 
	Seemed like we need to teach them the idea on the less abstract interface and then move to abstract. 
4. Specific results.
    Demographics: ~(100 people) Median age 35; Mostly (Community) College educated;Mostly White (2/3);Mostly women (54%);Mostly 'Very comfortable' with fractions(?);Mostly took Calculus as last class. 
    This really points towards confusing interfaces, if true. Or they did fractions but don't get it.  
	fraction '1/3'; ~1/30 people are able to find it. Same mistake; Denominator selection does not make sense. 
	x/11; much better results. Global property of color easier to see?  Pattern not immediately obvious? 
	Abstract results very poor; Users did not make valid fractions or copied the example over and over.
	Numerator was not a subset of denominator. 
5. Last Experiment:
   Everyone got all of the fractions after at most one try.  Best result yet. This points to the use of the fraction phrases rather than the feedback although
   they worked together in that the feedback gave them another chance to look at it. 
   '2/3' caused the most trouble with 4/5 missing it once before getting it.
   1 person had all the answers correct on the first try.  Show table. 
   Survey ratings suggest the directions were easy to understand, the interface was mostly intuitive and the activity was not difficult.
   One woman wanted her son to use it in the future. (Seems like a great endorsement.  Not made up. )
6. Future steps...lots of ideas.  Current version seems promising (finally)
    a. Use this as a tutorial and then test them with the rest of the fractions that are possible without feedback or phrases and see what happens. Different images etc... 
    b. Put something similar in the abstract version to see if that activity can be explained better.  Ultimate goal is good results from abstract version to promote CF  
    c. Test on target demographic (always a goal.) 
    d. See if fits in with activities of prototype groups. 
